Refund BTC deposit CLI (#507)
keep-network/tbtc-v2: typescript/scripts/README.adoc

:toc: macro

= tBTC v2 Refund script

This script explains what to do in case you need to refund your BTC.

toc::[]

== Refund script

=== Prerequisites

Please make sure you have the following prerequisites installed on your machine:

- https://nodejs.org[Node.js] >14.18.0
- https://yarnpkg.com[Yarn] >1.22.19

> tBTCv2 system prerequisite is that you can refund your BTC only after `refundLocktime` expires, which is currently set to 9 month.

Reviewer: Let's make sure we don't exceed 80 characters per line.

Author: done

> tBTCv2 system prerequisite is that you can refund your BTC only after `refundLocktime` expires, which is currently set to 9 month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tBTCv2 system prerequisite is that you can refund your BTC only if it was not used for minting tBTC and after `refundLocktime` has expired.
In practice, you should wait about an hour longer than `refundLocktime` since the transaction is only allowed to enter the Bitcoin blockchain if the median time of the last 11 blocks is equal to or grater than `refundLocktime` 
```

Author: Yes, I like it, especially the info about "tBTC minting"

=== Running a refund script

Step 1. Clone https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2[tbtc-v2] repository to your local disc. `git clone https://github.com/keep-network/tbtc-v2`

Step 2. Navigate to a root directory and run the following command with your arguments:
```

> ./typescript/scripts/refund.sh --deposit-json-path <deposit-JSON-file-path> --amount <amount> --transaction-id <transaction-id> --private-key <wallet-private-key> --transaction-fee <transaction-fee> --electrum-host <electrum-host> --electrum-port <electrum-port> --electrum-protocol <electrum-protocol>

Reviewer: Perhaps `--private-key <refunder-private-key>` instead of `--private-key <wallet-private-key>` ?
If we use `wallet` here, somebody may think it's a wallet that is meant to handle deposits (sweep them).

Author: sure thing, will do!

```
Every argument must be provided but electrum related info. You can set you own electrum connection if for some reason the default one doesn't work. However, the following arguments must be provided:

- `deposit-JSON-file-path` Path to a file that you downloaded during the BTC deposit in the Threshold dApp.
- `amount` Exact BTC amount in satoshi that was deposited. It will not process a partial refund.

> - `transaction-id` A transaction ID of your BTC deposit.

Reviewer: We will also have something like deposit-transaction-index here.
- `deposit-transaction-index` The position of your BTC deposit output in the deposit transaction. This can be checked using block explorer. If it's first on the list then the index is `0`, if it's second then the index is `1`, etc.

Author: Yes, added.

:toc: macro

= tBTC v2 Refund script

> This script explains what to do in case you need to refund your BTC.

Reviewer: Maybe a small note that `Deposit refunding is meant to be used only in the unlike scenario in which the tBTC could not be mined`?

    --deposit-transaction-id <deposit-transaction-id> \
    --deposit-transaction-index <deposit-transaction-index> \
    --private-key <recoverer-private-key> \
    --transaction-fee <transaction-fee> \
    --electrum-host <electrum-host> \
    --electrum-port <electrum-port> \
    --electrum-protocol <electrum-protocol>
```
Every argument must be provided but electrum related info. You can set you own 
electrum connection if for some reason the default one doesn't work. However, the 
following arguments must be provided:

- `deposit-JSON-file-path` Path to a file that you downloaded during the BTC 
deposit in the Threshold dApp.
- `deposit-amount` Exact BTC amount in satoshi that was deposited. It will not process a 
partial refund.
- `deposit-transaction-id` A transaction ID of your BTC deposit.
- `deposit-transaction-index` A transaction index of your deposit UTXO that can 
be retrieved from a bitcoin blockchain explorer. If it's first on the list then 
the index is 0, if it's second then the index is 1, etc.
- `private-key` A private key of the BTC recovery wallet. If you only have a 
passphrase, one of the options is to extract your private keys by using 

> https://iancoleman.io/bip39/[iancoleman] website (can be extracted offline) or 

Reviewer: I wouldn't specify any particular online solution, since we have not guarantee the website is safe.
